jakebernstein [11:02 PM] 
Guys I won't be there tomorrow because I'm at the hackathon.

Here's my bio: 
Hi, my name is Jake Bernstein, and I am a computer science major with an interest in management and business. I have previously taken comp sci 187, comp sci 220, comp sci 230, and comp sci 240. Some fun facts about me, I love jiujitsu, and anything with adrenaline like skydiving, and I have moved twenty one times.

As far as the project:
I think we should do the organizer project. The organizer will give us a chance to do something professional, and it is something that we can continue to build upon and thus learn new skills. I also agree with Markman's idea of building it in a set of modules, that's my favorite part.

jakebernstein [11:03 PM]
I can message on here if anything needs to be discussed

----- February 7th, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [12:08 AM] 
in our hackathon we're using ionic. It lets you make mobile apps out of web programming. We should too http://ionicframework.com/docs/overview/#download
Ionic makes it incredibly easy to build beautiful and interactive mobile apps using HTML5 and AngularJS.

jakebernstein [1:36 AM] 
nevermind.  ionicframework is limited in a lot of its functionality since it's fairly new

shaoxiharry [5:12 PM] 
Here's my bio:
My name is Shaoxi Ma, a CS student who is interested in web programming that is a faster way to develop fully functional applications. Last summer, I worked as an intern in a social app company. I like the active atmosphere where working with a creative team. I am looking forward to working well with my new teammates and building a great app.

mmarkman [5:12 PM] 
I don't think we're allowed to use a framework, it does to many things for us. Tim said that about meteorjs

shaoxiharry [5:12 PM] 
Sorry for my absence. :sob:

shaoxiharry [5:13 PM]
But we can still use mean.io ??

mlydigsen [5:19 PM] 
i have no idea we will figure that out later

mmarkman [5:22 PM] 
We can use mean

shaoxiharry [5:31 PM] 
Can you guys clone our team repo?

mmarkman [5:32 PM] 
Change team name to: team-kar-krash-club

shaoxiharry [5:33 PM] 
Great.

mmarkman [5:36 PM] 
The new team name is: "Team Brogrammers"
mmarkman 
[5:37 PM] 
Team Logo  

76KB PNG in #general  • Add comment • Open original 

shaoxiharry [5:37 PM] 
:scream:

mmarkman [5:38 PM] 
Slogan vote:

mmarkman [5:39 PM]
"We do what we must, because we can"

mmarkman [5:39 PM]
"If you code it, they will come"

mmarkman [5:39 PM]
No vote, second one is the slogan

shaoxiharry [5:40 PM] 
:joy:

mmarkman [5:40 PM] 
Team Brogrammers - "If you code it, they will come"

lbmeira [5:52 PM] 
Here's my bio:
My name is Lucas Meira, and I currently a Sophomore studying Computer Science with a Software Engineering track. I have previously taken cs197u, cs197c, cs187, cs220, cs230, and cscs240. I am big into sports (soccer and volleyball especially), movies, and traveling. This Summer I will be interning at EMC where I will be working with network servers and cloud storage technology.

Non-cmpsci class: edu210 nutrition 230

The project:
I also think we should go with the organizer idea. I think it would be something that everyday people would actually use and could make their lives a lot easier. This is also something that we can continue working on as a side project during the semester. (edited)

raymondzhu [5:57 PM] 
Here's my bio:

raymondzhu [5:58 PM]
My name is Raymond Zhu and I'm a computer science major at UMass Amherst. 
Additionally, I'm a sophmore working towards my BS degree. I'm a gamer, and 
I've participated in a couple of tournaments when I was younger. Also, my 
favorite sport is soccer or football in other countries.


#CMPSCI classes#
*CMPSCI 187

*CMPSCI 220

*CMPSCI 250


##Non-CMPSCI classes##
*MATH 235

*CHEM 111

mmarkman [6:37 PM] 
My name is Michael Markman

I'm a Sophmore Computer Science Major, on the Software Engineering track. 
I'm currently working remotely as a Software Engineering intern at a finance company in Norwalk, CT (my home).

My interests lie in User Experience design. I want to create applications and tools that the client can intuitively understand and use. My dream is create a tech startup.

I love comedy, dreaming up app ideas, reading (everything), and immersing myself in all the beautiful things the internet has to offer.

Previous CS Courses Taken:

187
230
197C
197WP

Non CS Classes:

291A: Ideas That Changed the World.
Anthropology 105: Linguistic Anthropology.

----- February 8th, 2015 -----

raymondzhu [4:24 PM] 
Just wanted to say that Markman's bio isn't up on our profile in the team's respository. It's just labelled as: -Michael Markman

mmarkman [9:26 PM] 
Profile has been pushed

----- February 14th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [12:16 PM] 
Eveyone the second project is due on the 20th. We should all meet on monday to work on it since there is no school we can also work on the workshop.

raymondzhu [2:55 PM] 
When on Monday and for how long?

----- February 15th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [7:09 PM] 
we should meet around 2ish and work until we get the workshop and project assignment done

raymondzhu [7:28 PM] 
I might work on algorithms and the workshop

mmarkman [9:52 PM] 
2 sounds good, Elm?

----- February 16th, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [12:24 PM] 
Sure

jakebernstein [12:24 PM]
I'd say 1:30 or 1:45 even

mlydigsen [1:36 PM] 
text me or message me on here when you get here

jakebernstein [1:52 PM] 
Leaving now. No one said anything so I assumed we were still doing twi

jakebernstein [1:52 PM]
Two

lbmeira [2:24 PM] 
Keep me posted. I'm still in Framingham, I'll be getting back tonight around 9 pm

jakebernstein [3:07 PM] 
important practices when working with git http://git-scm.com/book/en/v1/Git-Tools-Stashing

mlydigsen [3:21 PM] 
Lucas to ensure we don't override our individual changes we need to git pull in our team repository folder and use the stashing jake listed in the url above.  So before you push anything in our team repository team-kar-krash-club we need to say git status to see if any changes have been made to the overall branch then if there has been we use git stash(read up on this before actually ) to store your individual changes then git pull to get the most up to date files and then finally git push all of your commits.

mlydigsen [3:26 PM]
please say if you are going to push something in the git-changes channel and wait until someone has finished the push before you make any changes, and be sure to git pull after that.

mlydigsen [3:34 PM] 
PLAN.IT is the name of the website

mlydigsen [3:47 PM] 
http://www-edlab.cs.umass.edu/cs326/hw/pr02/overview/

jakebernstein [3:53 PM] 
here's the link to a mock up of the proposal doc in case anyone wants to edit it https://docs.google.com/document/d/12_3nHUYzF6ebaKvtGpM6nabTKSyvPuMr8kT4HYmh6gw/edit?usp=sharing
jakebernstein 
[3:53 PM]  
CS 326 Proposal 
Shared Google Drive Document • in #general  • Add comment

lbmeira [6:33 PM] 
sounds good

----- February 21st, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [2:09 PM] 
Hey Markman, it turns out we need that preliminary research. want to just send me what you learned earlier and we'll add it :simple_smile: Anything is better than nothing

----- February 22nd, 2015 -----

lbmeira [10:51 PM] 
Markman were you able to upload the preliminary research?

----- February 23rd, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [3:24 PM] 
more info on Github http://readwrite.com/2013/09/30/understanding-github-a-journey-for-beginners-part-1

----- February 28th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [5:33 PM] 
there will be a meeting tomorrow at 1 at elm classrooms I hope you can all make it.

----- March 1st, 2015 -----
jakebernstein 
[3:35 PM]  
Project 3 
Shared Google Drive Document • in #general  • Add comment
jakebernstein 
[3:39 PM]  
CS 326 Proposal 
Shared Google Drive Document • in #general  • Add comment

jakebernstein [3:40 PM] 
what we can use as a stack http://mean.io/#!/
MEAN.IO
MEAN.IO - MongoDB, Express, Angularjs Node.js powered fullstack web framework - MEAN.IO - MongoDB, Express, Angularjs Node.js powered fullstack web framework
MEAN MongoDB, ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS.

jakebernstein [3:41 PM]
and possibly some react.js

jakebernstein [3:42 PM]
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B4NpxumDCiVlN1FraE9RbmExM2M&usp=sharing

jakebernstein [3:43 PM]
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B4NpxumDCiVlN1FraE9RbmExM2M&usp=sharing

jakebernstein [3:48 PM]
balsamiq

jakebernstein [4:10 PM] 
https://leanpub.com/mean-machine

lbmeira [4:18 PM] 
Overview - Jake

Team Organization - Markman

Scenarios (why and how customers will use your system) - Raymond

Non-Goals (what you are not trying to achieve) - Matt

Flowchart - Matt

Screen-by-screen -Lucas

List of open issues for aspects of the application that will be answered as development proceeds -Jake

lbmeira [4:23 PM] 
http://planit326.weebly.com/
Harry what's the username and pass?
Plan.it
Plan.it

shaoxiharry [4:30 PM] 
I just added everyone's umass email to this Weebly site. So, you can use your umass email to sign up and edit this site.

mlydigsen [4:34 PM] 
Lucas sign up at weebly and use that to help with the screen by screen it looks really good.

mmarkman [11:37 PM] 
good prototyping/wireframing tool: https://www.fluidui.com
Fluid UI helps you prototype Android, iPhone, iPad or Windows 8 mobile apps with our custom libraries, or upload your own images for pixel perfect mobile

----- March 2nd, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [6:02 PM] 
Everyone please try your best to have your parts of the assignment for Project 3 done by this weekend so Harry can make the slides over the weekend.  I added my sections and did some formatting to give you an idea of what i thought it might look like. Feel free to critique this in any way you wish. If you cannot finish your section by the weekend please contact me and we will work something out, thank you everyone.

----- March 5th, 2015 -----

lbmeira [1:55 PM] 
Let me know what you guys think of the mock up I came up with. The tabs for each page on to the top right of website are just there for easy navigation (it will not be there for the actual website).  And the only module that does anything is the "CS326" one (for now).

Here's the link:
http://planit326.weebly.com/
Plan.it
Organize your life.


----- March 6th, 2015 -----

raymondzhu [11:08 PM] 
Btw we got a weak thumbs up for project 2, do we want to add in what "Plankton" told us to get a thumbs up or nah?

jakebernstein [11:15 PM] 
WhT did he say? I say yes

raymondzhu [11:18 PM] 
"You should still keep the bios about your team members that you had for project one. Your problem statement does not reflect your classes and your timeline can be a little more specific. Add what exactly you hope to have accomplished or implemented by each date not just Build. Your budget breakdown is very thorough. Good job with that. Each section needs to have the author after it. For example who wrote the problem statement and when was it written?

Your idea seems like it will be very useful to many people. I'm interested to see how this will turn out. I like the whole idea behind your startup company since organization and planning seems to be an area that everyone struggles with, especially with such busy lives. Will everyone have a login name? Since people do not always have a computer near them and usually always have their smart phone with them, will this be an app for phones or a website? Think about any competitors and what will set you apart." is what he said

raymondzhu [11:19 PM]
Though idk if he means to change project 1 at all, but I dont think so

raymondzhu [11:35 PM] 
Btw are we using the name PlannIt or PlanIt, cuz our docs for project 3 is using "PlannIt"

----- March 8th, 2015 -----

lbmeira [6:24 PM] 
PlannIt

lbmeira [6:25 PM]
nvm I think we're going with "Plannit" instead

----- March 30th, 2015 -----

raymondzhu [9:14 AM] 
When's the meeting?

shaoxiharry [1:35 PM] 
When is the meeting?

raymondzhu [10:47 PM] 
Well, we got a thumbs down for assignment 3 so we're gonna have to edit that up before or by April 2nd


----- March 31st, 2015 -----
raymondzhu 
[6:45 PM] 
Shared a post: feedback.md 
This is your team's feedback file. All feedback from your team's
reviewer will be placed inside this file.

DO NOT DELETE OR MODIFY THIS FILE. Your reviewer is the only person
allowed to modify and update this file with information that will
comments and guidance on your project.
… more
New window • 1 comment
raymondzhu 
[6:45 PM] 
This is the feedback we got, just in case anyone couldn't see it on gitblit.

mlydigsen [7:05 PM] 
Make sure you edit the scenarios to do exactly what he says to do. Make sure to say that Plannit is different because you can build your own planner which is why it is so important we dont have a general lay out so that people can choose what features they want instead of being given a ton of stuff they may not need or not having all of the things they want. For now just say that you will only see notifications if you are logged into plannit in a future version we made add the ability to send notifications to your email so you don't have to be logged into plannit to see notifications, perhaps a text message service.  We need to add a revision history in it just say that we have decided to only create a small number of modules for the initial launch and each page will have only one default module which is a to-do list so that people can see what they need to do for each task very quickly. Things only get added to that to-do list if they get added to a task module in specific modules. Plannit is different from other planners because we are not focused on customizing the style of your planner only the content of it having modules that may not be in every planner like a links module, a calculator module to help keep track of your grades.

mlydigsen [7:14 PM] 
Also our planner will be module based so you can look at specific tasks in much greater detail instead of just looking at what you need to do each day. Every other planner is organized by what you have to get done each day. Ours is set up so that you can look at what you have to do each day but you can also look at what you have to do for specific  tasks like a project for a class. By doing this it will help in deciding when you need to get things done and it will help you to keep track of all the resources for the event from when you start it to when you end it. Normal planners just say when tasks need to be done and once they are done we lose that information. In Plannit we can keep important information on it like notes, url's, and any other important things like assignment details.

raymondzhu [10:45 PM] 
I'll probably edit it tomorrow, if anyone wants to help edit just make sure to go along the guidelines the feedback.md said

----- April 1st, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [9:00 AM] 
I'm going to start editing as well i finally got my fucking vagrant working again

----- April 5th, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [9:16 PM] 
How long are we meeting for tomorrow and from what time to what time

----- April 6th, 2015 -----
jakebernstein 
[2:36 PM] 
mean-machine.pdf  
8MB PDF in #general  • Add comment 

mlydigsen [4:07 PM] 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSmguvn6Q0A&list=PLr94vpzaMmB_snUu9u0TRBkz8qFPq9ruF&index=10
YouTube
Timothy Richards
326 2015 Mar 11 templates and cookies introduction 

shaoxiharry 
[7:40 PM] 
Plannit_slides.pptx  
3MB PowerPoint Presentation in #general  • Add comment 

----- April 7th, 2015 -----

lbmeira [1:33 AM] 
Could one of you guys send me the link to the new proposal (google doc)?

raymondzhu [9:51 AM] 
Yeah I need it too

shaoxiharry [10:28 AM] 
https://docs.google.com/a/umass.edu/document/d/1JEVDC6tuo7KxdBHPkLMDYsLnvnMOF_HCY5W_5KZINs4/edit?usp=docslist_api

raymondzhu [7:57 PM] 
We should have our stuff done by Wednesday night right? Just planning out the next 2 weeks in my head.

----- April 8th, 2015 -----

lbmeira [10:26 PM] 
Meeting tomorrow?

shaoxiharry [10:28 PM] 
5:30pm?

raymondzhu [11:30 PM] 
I'll probably be getting the slides done sometime tonight besides things not completed yet.

----- April 9th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [12:34 PM] 
yes meeting today at 530 i guess in elm classrooms try and be there if not well its all good you are just a terrible person

lbmeira [5:05 PM] 
I'm here now

lbmeira [5:05 PM]
In one of the first classrooms
raymondzhu 
[5:15 PM] 
slides.pdf  
211KB PowerPoint Presentation in #general  • Add comment 

raymondzhu [5:18 PM] 
I'm coming over now and there's the slides

shaoxiharry [5:30 PM] 
10min late.. Sorry

raymondzhu [5:35 PM] 
Which room are you guys in?

----- April 10th, 2015 -----

mmarkman [4:21 AM] 
Added list of dependencies

mmarkman [4:23 AM]
https://www.jetbrains.com/student/
JetBrains, Inc. is a technology-leading software development company specializing in the creation of intelligent development tools.

mmarkman [4:23 AM]
Check these out, specifically WebStorm

mmarkman [4:23 AM]
though a simple text editor should be sufficient

----- April 12th, 2015 -----

jakebernstein [2:34 PM] 
Guys who are doing backend. Since backend doesn't seem to be too bad from what you were saying, read the part of the pdf i sent you that talks about token based authentication. That would be a cool feature to implement and a good safety measure for an actual applicatioon

mlydigsen [4:00 PM] 
I'm going to send you guys some links right now the first tells you how to install mongodb and start the server http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/install-mongodb-on-ubuntu/

mlydigsen [4:01 PM]
make sure that you are using the commands sudo service mongod start and sudo service mongod stop to get the mongo server running

mlydigsen [4:03 PM]
This next link talks about some basic mongo commands. It will tell you how to create new databases on your terminal and info to it ect.. This isn't too iportant since our code will be doing most of this for us but being able to do this means you installed mongo correctly http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/getting-started/

----- April 13th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [4:51 PM] 
http://blog.gvm-it.eu/post/20462477195/getting-started-with-mongodb-and-node-js-on
Tumblr
blog.gvm-it.eu
http://blog.gvm-it.eu/post/20462477195/getting-started-with-mongodb-and-node-js-on

mlydigsen [5:34 PM] 
https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native this web site is also useful

GitHub
mongodb/node-mongodb-native
node-mongodb-native - Mongo DB Native NodeJS Driver

raymondzhu [11:17 PM] 
So is this something we should use for token based authentication Jake? https://github.com/auth0/node-jsonwebtoken

GitHub
auth0/node-jsonwebtoken
node-jsonwebtoken - JsonWebToken implementation for node.js http://self-issued.info/docs/draft-ietf-oauth-json-web-token.html

----- April 16th, 2015 -----

mmarkman [11:44 AM] 
I setup a mongolabs account for us

mmarkman [11:45 AM]
They'll host and make it east for us to access and monitor a mongodb database

mmarkman [1:03 PM] 
Team Interview Questions:

mmarkman [1:03 PM]
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IFWa-BkITITiy-Pyw6xes7hyfHSa8nmP5fFZTuBl5pA/edit

----- April 17th, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [9:36 PM] 
Alright everyone we will be meeting at 130 on sunday to get a bit more organized on who is doing what and how much progress we have made. If you are going to be late that is fine just let me know I know Harry might be late. So first i would like to talk about the layout of the website. On our login page it will be set up exactly like it is now with the test code in terms of database and routing stuff it doesn't need to be changed. The same goes for the new user page. Although each page needs to be prettier and the login in page should have our logo. Now for a users home page. All that will be on this page is a button on the header that will log a user out which i already have working, maybe some kind of welcome message, the todo list with buttons to add entries, remove entries, and edit entries. We will also have the list of all of the users planners that we should be able to add and remove and be able to click on them to take them to that planners page which will list out that planners individual modules. On a planners page as stated previously we will list out all modules associated with that planner and have the user be able to add remove and edit any of those modules. Currently we are only going to have a default list of modules which include notes, upcoming events, a calendar, a budget section, and a useful links section. If we have more time we can add more but lets focus on getting those working for the time being. Also on each of the planner pages we will have a link to logout and a link to go back to their homepage. If anyone still has questions on this layout we will discuss them at them meeting on sunday. Once we have all agreed upon this layout and fully understand I will administer tasks for everyone to complete. As of right now I'm hoping to get the majority of the database code written by the end of this weekend. Whatever I can't finish tomorrow I will have Lucas and Raymond finish. I will continue to work on the routing side of things as well. In terms of front end we need a good layout for the entire website which includes a background image our logo and making module look really nice and having nice looking buttons to edit modules with. I would like any code we need change in the views folder in order for our code to work with angular done by the end of this weekend. That means that all views should be running using the angular syntax. Once you get that working start working on making everything look pretty like i said earlier. I'm counting on Jake, Harry, and Markman to have all this work done. If anyone has questions write them down and i will answer them during the meeting on sunday. Thanks eveyrone keep up the good work. Also don't make any changes to the actual code tomorrow because i will be making a lot of changes. If front end people want to start doing their modifications that is fine just don't change any code in the routes function or in the database file. I will see you all sunday

----- April 19th, 2015 -----

raymondzhu [1:17 PM] 
#Meeting in the classroom again?

jakebernstein [1:51 PM] 
:simple_smile:

jakebernstein [1:51 PM]
:disappointed:

jakebernstein [1:51 PM]
>:)

jakebernstein [1:52 PM]
:flushed:

raymondzhu [10:11 PM] 
feedback.md is up again on gitblit, here's what happened on project four:

raymondzhu [10:11 PM]
Project Four

The flow chart is a helpful visualization of what you will be implementing and how each component works with each other. Your layout of this submission is very choppy. All external libaries should be listen in one section, not throughout the entire write up.
You should have a more indepth section about what each team member will be responsible for specifically.
This submissions seems very jumbled together. For each component you were supposed to relate the technical and functional aspects. Like what functional aspect does the edit page module data take care of? Why would page modules data have to be edited? Please reorganice your submission in a more logical manner.
You need to relate the different components to each other and how they will interact. It seems you organized your submission by who wrote it, instead of putting related sections next to each other. What implementation challenges do you predict?

Grade: 2
You have until April 22, to edit your submission

raymondzhu [10:11 PM]
Dunno what the 2 is out of but I think we should edit it

----- April 20th, 2015 -----

lbmeira [5:01 PM] 
Matt, Jake and I made some changes to the document.

lbmeira [5:02 PM]
Harry, Raymond, and Markman look over it and let me know what you guys think.

raymondzhu [9:13 PM] 
Well first thing when he says that all external libraries should be listed into one section instead of throughout the entire writeup. So I think we should change that aspect. Also, what does he mean by "instead of putting related sections next to each other" didn't we already do that?

----- April 21st, 2015 -----

lbmeira [12:11 AM] 
We listed all of the external libraries in one section in the beginning, and again in each section that it corresponds to

lbmeira [12:12 AM]
yea idk about the second part, we should ask Tim about that

raymondzhu [12:19 AM] 
Oh ok I didn't see that at first under the Why MEAN Stack section

raymondzhu [12:19 AM]
But yeah otherwise I think it's okay

mlydigsen [10:42 AM] 
Everyone i want to have another team meeting to assess where we are and what still needs to be done on Wednesday. Since it is a monday schedule i know all of you are available at 230 so we will have the meeting then please be there we still got a lot to do.

lbmeira [2:13 PM] 
Where? ^

raymondzhu [2:19 PM] 
On OHill man in my room

lbmeira [2:20 PM] 
Elm Classrooms it is

----- April 23rd, 2015 -----

raymondzhu [8:02 PM] 
Lucas what file are you working on?

----- April 30th, 2015 -----

shaoxiharry [2:23 PM] 
https://piazza.com/class/i4locfod3qq7lf?cid=209

Piazza • Ask. Answer. Explore. Whenever.
With Piazza, easily answer questions, manage course materials, and track student participation. It'll save you time, and your students will love using it. It's free, and easy to get started.

----- May 3rd, 2015 -----

mlydigsen [5:20 PM] 
Alright guys we are almost there just a few quick things. I want to try and finish up all code for the website by tuesday. So who ever has time to meet on tuesday to work on the code we will meet up. Jake let me know when you get done with your final that day so that we can plan to meet at that time. Lucas if you aren't to busy do you mind looking up some angular stuff so that me and you can help jake finish the code on tuesday as quick as possible. On Wednesday Raymond needs to meet at 10 in the morning to do the recording so please message me if you can't make that time otherwise we will do the recordings at that time and hopefully it should take no more than a hour 2 at max. That is the plan message to make sure that this works for all of you and any questions you might have.
